Zoom installation docs update (#245)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-zoom: docs/installation/install-zoom-plugin.md

# Install Zoom Plugin

## Install via Marketplace \(Recommended\)

1. Go to **Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace** in Mattermost.
2. Search for "Zoom" or manually find the plugin from the list and select **Install**.
3. After the plugin has downloaded and been installed, follow the instructions on [Zoom Configuration](zoom-configuration/).
4. After finishing the [Zoom Configuration](zoom-configuration/), follow the instructions on [Mattermost Setup](mattermost-setup.md).

## \(Alternative\) Install via manual upload

If your server doesn't have internet access, you can download the [latest plugin binary release](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-zoom/releases) and upload it to your server via **System Console > Plugin Management**. The binary releases on the page above, are the same as used by the Marketplace.

> 1. Go to **Main Menu > Marketplace** in Mattermost.

Reviewer: Is this correct? Shouldn't this be something like "Go to the system console, manage plugins"?

> 1. Go to **Main Menu > Marketplace** in Mattermost.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Go to **System Console > Manage Plugins** in Mattermost.
```
